SMTP is the Internet protocol used to transfer electronic mail between computers, much like HTTP is the Internet protocol used to transfer web pages between computers. Like HTTP, there has been more than one generation of SMTP; the second generation is called ESMTP (for Extended SMTP), but the differences are not important for this introduction. 

In SMTP (and in the rest of this discussion), the client is the computer that is sending email, and the server is the computer that is receiving it. Thus we say SMTP clients (or SMTP senders) send email to SMTP servers, although the machines involved may both be servers in the general sense; for example an ISP's mail server sending email to the SMTP servers for utoronto.ca. 

The envelope versus the letter 
Just like physical letters, SMTP email has two different sets of address information: the envelope headers, like the addresses on the outside of an envelope, which are used by mail transport software to route and deliver the email, and the normal headers, which are part of the mail message and which are only read and interpreted by the user and his software, just like the address attached to a salutation at the start of a physical letter. Unlike the post office, SMTP usually throws away most of the envelope before it hands the message to the user, so many users are not aware of the envelope headers.

In fact, SMTP never looks at the message headers at all; as far as SMTP is concerned, the email message (headers and all) is just one big blob that it shuttles around. Many SMTP clients are perfectly happy to deliver email with badly broken or entirely nonexistent message headers. 

). A special null sender address (MAIL FROM:<>) is used to signal that no one cares and no bounce notifications should be sent. Null senders are used when sending bounce messages themselves, and sometimes at other times. 

The user agent takes what we specify as a body, adds some headers and passes the result to the MTA. The MTA adds a few headers, adds the envelope and sends the result to another MTA.



