

Unlike others ur brain is a masterpiece. It is divided into 2 parts- left & right. In left nothing is right & in right nothing is left.

Do you know why god created gaps between the fingers.? So that at some day the one who is made for u,comes and fill those  gaps by holding your hand forever!!

As u go 2 bed 2nite, I ordrd bats 2 gaurd u tight. I told some ghosts 2 dance in white, & 2 make sure ur alryt, Ill ask dracula 2 kiss ur neck to say Gud Night.

Timhare liye Railways ki job nikli hai, 25000 rs. de rahe hain - Shatabdi Express li light 
kharab ho gayi hai - torch le ke train ke aage bhagna hai.

Next time if it rains, jus try to catch drops in your hands, the drops you  catch is the amount you miss me and the drops you dont is the amount i miss you....

Teen dost the - Kallu, Bholu aur ullu. kallu class three main per raha hai, bholu class five 
main per raha hai aur ullu message per raha hai.

janaza agar dar se guzare to  thodi der rukva dena, hath uthe agar duaao ke liye to chehre
se kafan hata dena, aur vaja puche maut ki to engg bata dena.

My friend should be my mediciine when im in pain, My letter when  im Far, My smile when im sad, My handkerchief when i cry, and My life when I die...

friends never leave each other...friends never part. they just some times sit silently...deep in  each others heart saying, "i" m still here''

I m proud that ur my friend bcoz u r
20% Perfect
20% Attractive
20% Great
20% Amazing
20% Loveable
In short u r 100% P.A.G.A.L.

u r 1 of d most cute person....just a second, dear don't misunderstand 
CUTE means
Creating
Useless
Troubles
Everywhere

Sumtimes u may catch me staring at u! Its not bcoz u r cute. My mom said devils hv tails
and i m just wandering where is urs?

LIFE spent with someone 4a lifetime may b meaningless. But a few  moments spent with someone
who REALLY LOVES U means more than LiFE itself!

A special smile, A special face, A special some1 I cant replace! A special hi from me to u, 4 the special friendship, I''ve found in u.

Hum kabhi apno se khafa ho nahi sakte, mohabt k rishte bewfa ho nahi sakte. Aap chahe hume
bhulake sojao, parhum aapko yaad kiye bina so nahi sakte.

A frnd is a gift wen it is new its a miracle wen its true but u knw wat?
its a blessing wen its YOU

Please dont send me cheap messages, because i m from a rich family. we r in the iron n steel
business, we iron clothes after we steal them...

No one is worth ur tears, and the one who is wont make u cry.

intro is possible any time, luv is possible some time, marriage is possible one time, but
sweet friend like u is possible once in a life time.

When
I
Pray
I 
don't 
see 
God.
But
I
know
He
listens.
When
I
SMS
I
don't 
See
You.
But
I
know
You think of Mi with a smile !!

Jab dosti ki dastaan waqt sunayega, Hum ko bhi koi shaks yaad ayega, Tab bhool jayenge
zindagi ke  gamon ko, jab AAp ke saath guzra waqt yaad aaye ga.

How many times hav u been told 2take care of ur things! 2b  careful whr u leave ur stuff! now luk wht u've done! u've left a smile on my face!


Roses r Red, Violets r Blue, Monkeys like u,should b kept in zoo. Dont get angry, u will find me there too, not in the cage, but LAUGHING AT U.

or kuch nahe chahiye bas 1 muskan hi kafi h...dil me 1 armaan hi kafi h, arman h ye kitum khush  raho, hume yad rkhna ye ehsan  h kafi h..

whn u touch smbody 2 feel, its dsire, whn u touch and dnt feel, its IGNORANCE! whn u dnt touch and feel thn it is surely Love..

InnovaTion in our blood, coding in our genes, we  define progress, we dare to change the world as we ITians rule  em all.


E mere dost kya kahu tujhe? khwab kahu to toot jayega. dil kahu to bikhar  jayega. aa tera naam zindgi  rakh du, maut se pehle to  tera sath na chhut payega


Frnds r lik walls of d hous, sometims they hold u up, somtims u lean dem n  sumtims its  jus enough2kno dat dey r stndin by.

some people were asking me ur details, i gave them ur address and cell no. they will visit u soon. their names r love, joy , happiness, peace and prosperity

U can't luv ANYONE until u understand dat u can't luv EVERYONE, luv is the difficult realisation dat SOMEONE other than ONESELF is real; so


In my life i learned how 2 love how 2 smile 2 be strong 2 work hard 2 b honest 2 b faithful 2 forgive but i couldn't learn how 2 stop remembering u.

A friend gives hope when life is low, a friend is a place when u have no where to go, a friend is honest, a friend is true, a friend is precious, a friend is u.

Im sorry but i dont wanna talk to you anymore...good bye 4ever. My doctor says i should avoid  SWEET stuff...and YOU are d sweetest person i know.

Friendship neither needs evryday convrsatons nor always needs 2getherness. as lons as d relationship is kept in d heart, true  friends never grow apart.

Heart is like a crystal....preserve it
LOVE is like perfume....spread it
FEELINGS  r like flood...flow it
FRNDSHIP is like 1 umbrella....COME...lets SHARE IT

If you feel a little dizzy, a lot bored, a little sick, all lost, a little sad, i think i know wots wrong, u r suffering from 
a lack of vitamin ME.

Aisa nahi ki aap ki yaad aati nahi, khata sirf itni ki hum batate nahi. dosti aap ki anmol hai humarein liye,  samajhte ho aap, isliye jatate nahi...

Sending 1000 smiles, take 1 for now n keep the remaining 999 under your pillow, pick out 1, everytime u think of ME coz i wanna see U smiling ALWAYS...

yun dur rahkar duriyoko ko badaya nai  karte. apne dosto ko is tarah sataya nahi karte. har waqt use apne nam ke liya tadpaya nahi karte

yeh no sochna bhul jayenge tumhe, dur reh kar bhi  chahenge tumhe. dost bankar raas na aaye to ajnabi bankar yaad aayenge tumhe...

dosti ke phool har mausam mein khilte hai, dosti ke badal har mausam mein barasje na bheje,  par yaad hum aap ko har roz karte hain...

sumtimes i dont say HI
sumtimes i dont reply
somtimes i dont msg u
but it doesnt mean i 4get u, it means i m  givin u time to miss me.

yeh na sochna bhul jayenge tumhe, dur rehkar bhi chahenge tumhe. dost bankar raas na aaye to ajnabi bankar yaad aayenge tumhe.

Wen things go wrong, wen sadness fils ur heart, wen tears flow in ur eyes, alwys rem 3 things.
1) im with u
2) u have cash
3) lets ve party


Knowing a Friend Like you has made me happy in a million ways. And if Ever i have to Let you go...I would Find a million reasons to make u stay

Sometimes in life..we tend to run so fast that we dont notice FRIENDS r running with us..we only notice THEM when we fall & THEY  stop...2 pick us....

Good friendship is not when the "perfect people" come together. It is when two "imperfect people" learn to enjoy each others differences.

where words fail, action spks...where action fails, eyes spk...where eyes fail, tears spk...& where evrythng fails LOVE spks...Have a LOVE-LY day!!

Friendship is not abt finding d right person, but creating d right relationship. its not how much v care in d beginning, bt how much v care til d end...!

The best kind of frd is 1 wid whom u sit on a porch sayin nothing n when u get up n go u feel u have had the  best conversation of ur life....

I dont say hi,
U dont say hi!
I dont cal up,
U dont cal up!
I am busy, U r
busy! I hv no time,
U hv no time!
No wonder v r FRIENDS..we hv so much in common!!
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage AND Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never ends

What make some people dearer is not just the happiness that u feel whene u meet them, but the pain u feel when u miss them.

Love the heart that hurts u, never hurt the heart that loves u, for u may b someone in the world but for someone u may b the world..Gud Night

Luv is that ocean in which....even if u get drown u won't  call 4 help...coz its the suicide whch u have committed...2 begin another beautiful life...!

Met u as as stngr, tuk u as a frnd, may god  bles our frnshp n hope it nvr ends. many hands i shake, mny frnds i mke, best f dem r few 1 f dem is u

Friendship is a collection of hearts ready to give, share and understand. it never fades and never ends. it only reminds us life is not perfect without a FRIEND

Did u know SILENT and LISTEN have same letters. They may be different 4 others but 4 us, they r same coz ven  u r SILENT,  i  can still LISTEN!

Fire can burn, d wind can chill, Anger can rage an tear u apart... but the power of your smile can heal a frozen heart. so kip smilin! hav a wunerful day! :-)

i mayb busy in al d things i do, but never will i get  som1 likl u, so im keepin u touch to let u knw, ur in my mind more often than i show

Every life in dis world is painted by god. Dats y im thankful 2 him bcoz wen he painted my life he included a  truly lovely color - u my frnd

Friends are like pieces of a puzzle...if u lose one, it wil never be complete again...! just  want u 2 know, u're one of d pieces i can't afford to lose.

Friendship is a bridge btwn U and ME, wen u r sad & lonely, cross it, i will wait on d otherside 4ever, & if u r afraid, just tell me...i'll cross it 4 u.

5 reasons why i like u -
u r never boring
u awlz bring smile on my face
u r alwaz on my side when i need u
u r a lovely frnd
u r easily fooled by me

isnt it sad that when u have so much pain in ur heart and u want to talk, the only person who can stop u from crying is exactly the same person who made u cry

When things go bad and ur strength is no longer enough to carry on...Dont give up coz when ur strength ends...my worth of being ur friend begins!!

isn't it sad that when u have so much pain in ur heart and u want to talk, the only person who can stop u from crying is exactly the same person who made u cry.


Love is when she hurts u..u dont hurt back
she blocks u ..u dont block back
she yells at u..u dont yell back
but when she needs u..u always go back

its no achievement to  make 100 friends in a year but an achievement is to make a friend for 100 years and  know ive made one its you

If 2 hearts are meant to be friends, no matter how long it takes, how far dey go, how tuf it seems, fate will bring them together 2 share 4 ever.













